# RCHourglassDIY lap timing system. # What is it?RC Hourglass is a project to develop a DIY automatic timing system that can be used in RC racing and other sporting events.The focus of the project is hardware design of the pieces of the system. The hardware is compatible with existing lap timing software.The project idea comes from two threads in RCTech.net forums about lap timing devices design by Howard Cano.The scope of the project is to simplify the design, document the building process and add new features.# Project statusFull build instructions are published in the wiki.The project is in beta testing status as features are added/tested. Three working prototypes of the decoder have been tested succesfully. Many transponder prototypes have been tested succesfully. Beta 3 firmware has added RC4 detection, AMBRc protocol emulation and beeper/led notification.# How to contributeRight now the most useful contribute would be feedback in the system performance/build reports/electronic design (for example PCBs).Also feature requests are wellcome. When stable enough, the full source of the project will be released for further development# Licensing termsShort version: if you build it for your personal use, you're only kindly requested to donate a small sum to a childrencharity of your choice (use 'RC Hourglass for children' as a reference).Please feedback your donations to:charity dot rchourglass at gmail.comPlease consider donating 5 euros per transponder and 30 euros for the decoder for personal use. If the transponder is used in a club/circuit with an admission fee, please consider dontaing 100 euros for the decoder.The original RCTech thread author/designer (Howard Cano) license applies to the decoder project:*"All information presented on this thread is free for use for personal, non-commercial purposes.Contact me for licensing arrangements if you wish to produceand market the decoder."* -user howardcano on rctechAdditional licensing terms for the PSOC firmware/design & transponder:"All information shared is free for use for personal, non-commercial purposes. Contact me for licensing arrangements if you wish to produce and market the decoder.The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of theSoftware.Any derivative work source code/design must be public and use this licensing terms. Any device derived from this project must respond to the command 'License' with this text.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANYKIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OROTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OROTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE." Marco Venturini - mv4wd